I think the V initial silk be viewable
it's actually not that much work so I
would save time if they got the breast
and everything start by like 20 natural
product these are actually from
Pennsylvania so if you are really
I put the saran wrap over it so it
doesn't splatter nobody cooks chicken
all over the place and then I get this
mallet yeah just go ahead you want to
apply pressure that's what you're
looking for definitely a little larger
but not super torn up or anything like
that okay so really is it right here
it's flower i seasoned it so lemon
pepper a little more on the pepper salt
pepper bread crumbs a little bit more
then use the egg wash so for to you
would probably only need two eggs but a
pan fry it the carbonation in the club
soda will make the breading kind of
float on top of the meat instead of
being squished down
now in Austria a proper leadership they
say it should be as large as a toilet so
there's places you'll go in the stroller
planning
lift it up a little bit from the mean
hungry clin are green salad
so that's it
Oh